It was hard to get, being such a sensitive case.
Going to meet him, tomorrow?
Yes.
Say hi for me. Tell him to come by.
But he probably wont want to come back.
Thank you, Daddy.
Goo-goo-ga-ga!
Stars and Moon.
The baby god is here.
What do you see?
Your eyes are set wide apart. You have siblings luck.
Im an only child.
Thats why youre greedy.
Youre born with their luck, so youre lonely.
Im not lonely.
The man youre dating will be your ruin.
Break up! Dump him at once, sister!
I dont have a boyfriend.
I told you I cant work mornings!
Bad brother!
Spit it out!
Its dirty! Drink this!
Dad! Money!
Why you!
I told you not to barge in when were working!
Youre Bong-sun!
What the hell?
- Do you know her? - Yes! Of course!
Who are you!
Scripture says...
After desire has conceived, it gives birth to sin.
Sin, when it is full-grown, gives birth to death.
Amen!
Righteous Heavenly Father...
Why did you come?
Ye-sung?
Yesus?
Jesus?
It feels weird to be sitting than standing before the judge.
You, too?
I didnt do anything. Why am I nervous?
Forget your dark pasts, brothers.
- Amen. - Hallelujah.
Chief!
I mean, Warden.
You all havent changed.
The Judicial Research and Training Institutes...
mock trial will now begin.
The prosecution may proceed.
Defendant Lee Yong-gu abducted young Choi Ji-young...,
sexually abused her, and killed her with a brick.
Everything has been proven by proper officials.
I believe this case is not fit for a retrial whatsoever.
Thank you.
The defense may proceed.
The prosecutions claim of proven evidence...
that is the biggest error to this case.
Your Honor, the defense speaks in contempt...
Error?
Yes, Your Honor.
The prosecution is not the one who was assigned to this case.
Contrary to other cases...
the evidence and records must all be re-investigated.
But the prosecution seeks a ruling
by taking fabricated records and false testimonies only.
Then, were you the one in charge of defense back then?
Were you?
No, I was not.
No further questions.
But!
I was there.
That is a clear fact.
You were there?
Yes.
I was there.
Your Honor.
Everything Im about to say is nothing but the truth.
Fighting evil by moonlight
Winning love by daylight
Never running from a real fight
She is the one name Sailor Moon
In the name of justice, I will punish you!
Theres only one left.
Ye-sung?
We can buy it, tomorrow!
Its payday?
Yes!
638.80.
Were rich!
Yes! Were rich!
- Daddy! The bag! - Thats Ye-sungs...
Its Ye-sungs!
- This is Ye-sungs! - What?
- Sailor Moon bag! - Whats with him?
Who are you?
We came for this every day.
Sometimes we came twice!
Yes. Sometimes twice. Twice.
- So pretty! Its Ye-sungs! - Dont touch her!
This is Ye-sungs!
- Who are you! - This is Ye-sungs!
Dont hit my daddy!
- Are you crazy? - This is Ye-sungs!
How dare you!
- Sir! Please, sir. - Ill report you to the police!
She is the one named Sailor Moon
Daddy? Why dont other stores sell it around here?
Daddy will buy it. Sailor Moon bag.
For your first day of school.
Its okay.
Dont strain yourself.
Dont copy me.
Okay! Stop tickling! Stop!
- Daddy? - Huh?
Dont drink tap water.
No tap water. Boiled water.
Dont eat snacks for lunch. Have proper food.
Okay?
Have proper food, too. Okay?
Okay.
Ye-sungs cold.
Ye-sung go inside.
One...
Two...
Three!
See you, Daddy!
This way.
Please wait.
One,
two, three...
Mister?
- Did you buy the bag? - Hi!
The bag.
Sailor Moon!
Another store sells this.
Sailor Moon! I must buy it!
Ill buy.
Mister! Come on!
Wait for me.
Its over there!
Pretty.
Sailor Moon!
Stop playing.
Sailor Moon bag! Pretty.
Its cold...
Oh my!
Help! Help!
Dont go!
Help!
Captain! Its packed here!
Come quick, sir!
The Commissioner General is coming, too!
Hurry over!
I must go home. Goodbye.
Sit down. Get with the picture!
- Ye-sung is waiting alone. - Okay.
No comment.
- Ye-sung is scared. - I know. Sit down!
Stupid son of a bitch!
Dont hit the guy!
Why hit him!
- Sit down! - Goodbye. I must go home.
Get him!
Film it!
Hold still!
Stay still!
This murder is...
retaliation against the Police Commissioner.
It is an attack...
Here, sir!
on the authority of the national police!
The culprit is about to arrive for a re-enactment here.
A big crowd...
The culprit has just arrived!
Its packed here. Lets go!
Hes getting out of the van!
Let me interview him!
Move!
You bastard!
Lee is here to re-enact the crime.
The murder is being re-enacted!
- Do it in one go. - Sit down.
- You strangled her! - Pushed her down?
Slapped her cheeks!
Kissed her!
What next?
Stripped her?
Like this for blood circulation.
I see.
Take your pants off, too!
- Not the pants! - Do it!
Thats embarrassing.
Finish quick and go see your daughter.
- Ye-sung. - Right. Ye-sung!
Finish up to go see Ye-sung!
Thats good.
You bastard!
Who are you!
Daddy!
Ye-sung!
- Ye-sung! - Daddy!
- Daddy! - Ye-sung!
Daddy!
Stay at home! See you soon!
Daddy, dont go!
Ill be home soon!
- Daddy! - Ye-sung!
Ye-sung!
Daddy!
Youll catch a cold!
- Daddy, no. - Ye-sung!
Ye-sung!
Daddy!
Go!
Youll catch a cold!
Daddy!
- Go home! - Sit down!
- Youll catch a cold! - Stay down!
Come in.
Go home on your day off, sir.
Whats all this?
What good is home?
What is it?
New inmates have arrived.
4 new today, Chief.
One of the inmates is an S4.
- An S4? - Yes, sir.
5482?
A child kidnapper and rape killer.
Hello.
Everyone who comes here...
all have hard lives.
But still, youve committed crimes and...
- I must call home. - No way!
- Ye-sung is waiting alone. - No!
031-745-8700.
- You cant! - Ye-sung is waiting alone!
Thank you.
Chief! Please!
Hey! Get out!
Crazy fool!
I just came to wash up.
For what! You freak!
You fondled me last night! It was you!
Not last night, bro!
- It aint me last night! - I felt it!
Pathetic fools.
Go on in.
Go!
Dont try to pull anything.
Greet each other nicely.
What do you mean, sir? Ever saw us harm anyone?
- Try to get along. - Yes, sir.
Im off.
Bong-shik. Make him sing.
Yes!
Say, hello.
Hello.
Lee Yong-gu.
Born on January 18th, 1961.
In Icheon.
By C-section.
Mom hurt cuz my head was big!
I caught fish in streams.
When I was five, Mom died.
Bus number 375. Accident.
- At the funeral... - Enough!
Dad wasnt there.
- Only my uncles... - Whats with him?
and aunties...
Hey!
Yes?
What did you do?
I parked.
At Happy, Happy Mart.
Parking...parking cars.
Must be illegal cars.
Your spot is over there.
Take your shoes off and go.
Over there! Go!
Listen!
Lets see his records.
Ever see me read?
- Read Chun-ho. - Lets see.
Criminal Code 287. Abduction of a minor.
Rotten bastard!
You fool! Keep reading!
Criminal Code 305. Fornication with a minor!
Son of a bitch!
Cover him!
Get him!
Sick bastard! Raping a kid!
Abducting a minor!
- I rule here! - Rotten bastard!
Criminal Code 298.
Sexual molestation!
Criminal Code 301. Rape and murder!
Nasty bastard!
Verdict!
Execution?
That kills the mood in our cell!
The hell!
Pay attention!
Ye-sung came to stay with us.
Say hi.
Hi, Ye-sung.
You say hi, too.
031-643-1573
Ye-sung
- Feeling better? - Yes, sir.
Attention!
Shall we?
Pass! Pass!
Lets play basketball.
What the!
- The ball went over. - Oh no!
Would anyone out there be kind and throw it over?
Thank you!
- Vaseline? - Vaseline!
You pervert!
- Its used! Pay double! - Yes, sir!
- Glue? - Whose is this?
- Me, sir. - Come here.
No glue for you!
Ointment.
Damn bastards messing with my turf.
Now, were getting paid!
Wire the money right!
- One-eyed. - Yes, boss.
- Reserve solitary. - Yes, boss.
Watch out!
Boss!
You out of your mind?
Stop sucking like a kid.
Son of a bitch.
If you need something, ask me.
1004? What are you doing?
Bro!
Break up! Move it!
Dont sit. Lie down here.
I should pay you back for saving my life.
Anything you need?
Go on. Tell me.
You smoke?
Smoking is bad.
Dang.
You dont know our boss.
If you dont keep your word, youre just a thug!
But a real gangster sticks to his word, like our boss.
You get my meaning?
Youre in luck, pal. What do you need?
Ye-sung.
What?
Huh? Who?
Were there kids in the choir before?
They picked 3 kids. Arent they cute?
Chief! Chief!
The warden is looking for you. Hurry, sir!
Why are they so loud!
Ye-sung. Hold on.
Came the wrong way.
- Are you okay? - Yes, sir.
No!
Please!
Im fine!
Just go, sir!
Are you Yesus?
Daddy!
Where were you!
What happened!
Im so sorry!
Know how much I looked for you!
- Im sorry. - Where were you!
- Im sorry. - You disappeared.
Im sorry.
Ye-sung is skinny. Why so light?
Quiet.
- Thank you! - Okay. Quiet.
- This is wrong, boss! - Thank you.
Think! What if we get caught?
This can increase our sentences!
- No way! - Im out of this!
Guard! Over here!
Mister! Im good at hiding!
- Sir! - She can hide good!
Sir! Over here!
Bong-shik!
Sir!
What is it?
Look!
Look, what?
In our cell!
What?
Say it.
Our cell, what!
Hey!
One more bread, please?
Just one.
Think youre Jean Valjean? Crying over bread?
Eat it, fool! Im busy!
Stuff down mine, too!
Ye-sung!
Werent you scared?
Got yourself a smart daughter.
Daddy will be out soon.
- Sure shes your daughter? - Yes!
Lee Yong-gus daughter, Ye-sung.
Pretty Light OB-GYN.
Born on December 23rd at 228 p.m.
2.1 kilograms.
- What a little cutie! - Daddy?
Whyre you here? Youre not a bad man.
Daddy is not a bad man.
This is a school. Not a bad place.
Drink this.
Not school. Its prison.
All bad people.
Daddy didnt do bad.
If shes not gone in 2 hours, were all dead!
- Whyre you leaving already? - The pastor fell over.
High blood pressure.
Out of my way!
You said, two hours! Its only been 30 minutes!
Yes! 30 minutes!
I know, things like this happen all the time.
- Go on! Hurry! - Yes. Goodbye.
Not you! Ye-sung!
- No! - No!
Listen to me in my cell!
Hey!
Shut up!
If you dont go out now, you gotta keep hiding.
Then, you cant see your dad again!
Quiet down!
Daddy?
Cant I stay here? No one knows.
Yes. No one knows.
But you have to go to school.
You cant skip school. Come back on a holiday.
He said, this was school!
Not school. Its prison. All bad people.
So, she should go to school!
Want her to become like me?
Or him!
Or him?
The hell!
Or you?
Stupid!
Ye-sung must go to school.
Come play again.
No way! This isnt a playground!
Uncle 1004 will bring you back.
See you later.
Promise!
Promise her!
Right. I promise.
What the hell!
Why invite a pastor about to croak!
We can get hanged!
- Eat up. - Okay.
What the hell!
How can you eat? Is it good?
Its good.
- Right? - Yeah.
Ye-sung must eat beans. Lots of vitamins.
I dont want beans.
You have to! Open wide!
Then, whyd you come here?
The kid is eating more than our share!
Boss! What now!
Its easy to take things in, but hard to let em go.
Cut the crap, Gramps!
- Eat lots. - Boss?
Lets fess up, boss.
Lets fess up!
If we do, whod forgive us?
- Ye-sung needs to poo? - Yup.
Poop.
Eating and pooping, too!
What the hell!
Lets eat.
- Close the door! - Push!
Lets send her out in two days.
- Why then? - Whats in two days?
- A religious event. - Its the day He came.
Chun-ho, youre good.
A clever conman.
It wasnt a con!
- Its a treasure ship! - Gather around!
Sneak her out in two days. Okay?
Okay!
Okay? For what?
Why do you always huddle and mumble stuff?
Dont huddle around! Got that?
Yes, sir!
Okay.
Monica. I had a rough day.
Sleep well. See you in my dream.
Man-beom. Lets sleep.
Sorry. Its cause I wanted the Sailor Moon bag.
Ill buy Sailor Moon bag.
Tell the judge clear and straight.
Clear and straight.
That youre not a bad person.
Daddys not a bad person.
So pretty!
Ye-sung is pretty.
No, there! The stars and moon!
Pretty.
Boss!
- Boss! - Ye-sung!
Ye-sung!
- The bathcell! - Not there!
No! Not there!
Jesus Christ!
What brings you here?
What was that sound?
What sound? Sleep talking?
I heard a girls voice!
A girls voice? Come on.
Youre scaring us.
I heard a girls voice! I swear!
I wish I had a girl.
Said stars and moon!
Oh...him?
Him what?
Answer me now!
Whats this?
Stars and Moon!
Of all the crazy things...
Just go back to sleep!
- Chun-ho? - What?
This is serious!
- Whats that? - Monica!
Who! What! This is my favorite picture!
Why! Ye-sung! Why!
She looked cold, so I dressed her.
- Cold? I dont believe this! - Thats a violation of his rights!
- Ye-sung? Who is that girl? - Shes Sailor Moon!
Sailor Moon?
- Sailor Moon? - Whos Sailor Moon?
What the...
In the name of justice! I will punish you!
So scary!
The judges say that!
- Then, Judge Moon? - Judge Moon.
Dont you know this song?
She will never turn her back on her friends
She is always there to defend
She is the one on whom we can depend
- Quiet! - Sit down!
She is the one named Sailor Moon
Whats with him!
With secret powers all so new to her...
Stop it! Sit down!
Sit down!
Sit!
She is the one named Sailor Moon
With secret powers all so new to her
Hello, sir!
She is the one named Sailor Moon
Stay down!
Fighting evil by moonlight
Winning love by daylight
Never running from a real fight
- Perfect! Hallelujah! - Amen!
I warned you to be careful with my lace briefs!
She will never turn her back on a friend
Okay.
Ye-sung?
Study hard. Take care!
Amen! Amen!
Go on.
What?
The hell?
Why the monks!
Cant tell from Buddha and Jesus!
How embarrassing!
Dont hit!
Youre scaring her.
Get out now!
- I cant! - Come out now!
- Im your right hand man! - Like hell!
Chief?
Can you choose a picture?
What do I know about pictures?
Still, sir.
- Let me see. - Yes, sir.
Here.
Hows the pastor?
- Hes feeling better. - Thats good.
Brainless conman!
Think it over, boss.
They search ten times a day!
What if they suddenly come in?
Then what?
You shouldve shaved her head and sent her out!
No! Ye-sungs hair is pretty.
Pretty hair.
Pretty, my ass!
Ye-sung!
Stay still.
Bastards.
Why arent you sleeping?
Did you have dinner, sir?
Of course.
We just ate too, sir.
Stay still, Yong-gu.
- It was good. - Really?
I liked it, too.
She was there for 2 days and no one knew?
I knew, sir!
I heard a girls voice saying, Stars and Moon.
Search through all the cells!
- Yes, sir! - Ye-sung! Wheres Ye-sung?
I put the child in the staff cell.
Crazy! Send her out now!
But its raining, sir.
Want to get fired!
Yes, sir.
Its raining a lot! Ye-sung will catch a cold!
- A cold? - Yes.
How can you say that!
Ye-sung doesnt have an umbrella!
You kill a girl and worry about your daughter!
5482 didnt kill a girl.
Boss?
If we stay low, maybe theyll let us off.
Shut up!
Yes, sir.
If we talk, some guards could get fired.
We cant lose.
Right! Were in the same boat as the guards.
Its a joint operation.
So smart.
Joint operation? I like the sound of that.
Ye-sungs father probably got solitary, right?
Put em down.
Put your arms up, now!
After how nice I treated you!
- Come on, sir. - Dont suck up to me now!
Ye-sung is scared.
Ye-sung!
You scared me!
You cant come out here.
Go back in.
Chief!
Theres a fire!
Baldy is freaking out! Be careful, sir!
You let in someones kid!
Why not my dad! Youre stopping him from coming!
Arent you!
8038! We didnt let her in!
Dont do this!
My name is not 8038!
Call me by name!
Okay! Okay!
Okay, Sang-myun. Please dont do this.
Put that down.
Dont order me around!
Im not listening to you bastards!
Baldy!
Its me, pal!
Dont you want to go home? Put that down!
Why should I!
Send everyone out to the courtyard!
Yes, sir!
Come out, now!
Damn it!
Hey!
Put that down!
You stopped my dad from visiting!
Ill call your father if you put that down!
I want to see my dad!
Put that down. Ill call him.
Okay, fine! Ill put it down.
Thanks, Chief.
Thought Id say that?
Screw you! Im an orphan! Bastards!
Come out, fool!
- You wanna die! - Stay back!
Or youre dead!
Stay back! Bastard!
Dont come near me!
Theres someone there!
Someones there!
- Someones there! - Move!
Someone needs help!
Come to your senses?
Oh man.
What happened?
You were damn lucky. Thats what.
If it wasnt for the weirdo, you couldve had a funeral.
Who?
He mustve took in a lot of gas carrying you out.
But he cried like crazy...
and begged me to save you.
Is he really a kidnapper?
He wasnt the one abducted?
How I wonder what you are
Up above the world so high
Like a...
Hello.
- Take care. - Bye, Ms. Lee.
Ye-sung?
I was so worried about you.
No one was living at your address.
Did you move?
Were you sick?
I wish you can tell me what happened.
Can you ask my daddy?
What?
Parent consultation?
Oh, right.
You have ID, right?
ID?
Daddy!
Ye-sung!
- Daddy! - Ye-sung!
Did you catch a cold?
Im all better now.
Ye-sung is skinny.
You, too.
Daddy is okay. Ye-sung...
This is my teacher.
- Hello. - Hello.
Please sit.
Nice to meet you. Im Ye-sungs teacher.
So pretty.
Ye-sung is pretty, too.
Teacher is pretty, too.
Nothings wrong.
Its just a parent consultation.
Ye-sung is smart!
She pays bills herself!
First day of every month.
From my monthly salary, 638.80...
she puts 170 into savings.
Pays health insurance on the 10th.
Health insurance is...
5.50!
Right! 5.50!
I see.
Ye-sung is the smartest and prettiest student in our class.
- Ye-sung is the prettiest! - Ye-sung sings very well, too.
Maybe she could join the school choir?
Great!
Bottom shelf of fridge?
Pickled beans.
Top shelf of fridge?
Pickled radish from our neighbor.
On top of the fridge?
Instant noodles. Boil water for 3 minutes.
Put an egg in.
Okay!
Daddy...
I cant hear! Its broken!
No! Please!
Please!
Ye-sung!
Daddy? Daddy!
Whats happening?
Ye-sung! Eat lots!
Youre skinny! Eat beans!
Youre skinny, too!
- Eat beans! Vitamin! - You too, Daddy!
Ye-sung!
Ill be home soon!
- Wait for me at home! - When are you coming?
10 nights!
Just come tomorrow!
See you soon!
Just come today!
See you soon, Ye-sung!
We get sunlight once a day. Dont sit here like this.
Get up and exercise.
Youll get sick.
Lee Yong-gus daughter is in the hospital.
She wont eat anything.
I knew this would happen.
We can no longer take care of her.
A countryside orphanage would have funds to take her.
Mister?
I dont want to go far away.
Cant you just arrest me, too?
Please?
Chief, I think this is a mistake.
This is wrong.
Hell take responsibility.
So what! Well all get fired!
- Im going to farm. - What?
Come farm with me.
What?
Chief! Chief!
Im not going to farm!
Philopon.
PHILO-PON
Poncho!
PON-CHO
Go easy. Choker.
CHO-KER
Whats that?
Stupid fool!
A tight fitting necklace.
CHO-KER
Acting all smart!
Kersa.
KER-SA
Sashimi.
SA-SHIMI
Mineral.
MI-NERAL
Ralking!
RAL-KING
Can I play Word Chain, too?
HOMETOWN RICE CAKES
Is today a special day? Why the rice cakes?
Its especially for cell no.7 while the warden is away.
Ye-sung.
- It says, rice cakes. - Its Ye-sung.
You say that over every box.
Lets eat.
Daddy!
Ye-sung!
What the!
- Its the Chief. - The Chief?
Stupid! Its not rice cakes!
Chief?
Did he go to the staff cell?
Yong-gu? Wait here, please.
Yes.
Where did he go?
What are you doing?
Hello, sir.
Put that down.
Cookies are tasty.
Get out.
I didnt bring Ye-sung for you.
Leave.
Leave!
Yes.
Take care, sir.
5482.
Yes?
Whyd you kill her?
You read it, Uncle.
You have the best voice here.
We even get to see you read thanks to Ye-sung.
Never saw him read once in 7 years together.
Please?
Lets see.
Theres a butterfly.
I had one drawn on my thigh. But I erased it with an iron.
Theres one butterfly, right?
Its a loner.
And look! It meets a mouse.
Come on, boss!
Dont say stuff like loner to the kid.
Its not like youre illiterate.
Come on.
Who cant read these days?
- That makes no sense. - Fine. Keep playing.
Even chimpanzees can learn to read in 3 months!
Okay! Fine!
A fool who cant read aint no human!
Know what the illiteracy rate is?
Theres no one like that here! Get your facts straight!
Okay, fine.
Who doesnt know how to read? Thats crazy!
Fine! Dont get excited and play!
Im not in the mood!
- Why you little! - Who cant read!
On a cold winter day, a yellow butterfly came out.
Sneak one in for me.
What?
Ye-sung snuck in.
So sneak in my baby, too!
This isnt daycare! One kid is enough!
With special amnesty gone...
too bad, pal.
Look, boss! Look!
21 weeks. Itll be born soon!
Read it!
Im not reading! Shut up.
Cant read or make kids. Like youd understand.
You fools are asking for it!
- Why ask him to read? - Whats with you?
Want the baby in that bad?
Yes!
Come here.
Then, get the death sentence.
I should just die.
Of course I remember! It was crazy!
Everyone was out at dawn.
The Commissioner Generals daughter died!
Minister of Home Affairs ordered to wrap up the case in a week!
- Captain Park? - Yes, sir?
Can I see Lee Yong-gus file?
No, sir.
Give it to me.
Sir, Im a law-abiding cop.
Did Lee Yong-gu really write this?
Not sure. I wasnt in charge of that.
I need a copy of this.
Sir! Thats impossible!
Then, Ill just take it.
Come on, sir!
You cant! I could get fired.
After everything, still dont get it?
Its cuz of bastards like him your son died!
Its smaller than my dads!
- Is this real? - Of course its fake!
Its real.
Can I touch it?
Dont press Send.
Whats Send?
Rock! Scissors! Paper!
Mister!
Thanks Young-hoon!
G...r...a...p...e...s.
- Thats it! - Well done!
You can do it.
Next, apple.
Apple.
- You practiced a lot. - Thats it.
Good!
Now, the rest.
You can do it.
Go on.
Ple as in pled.
Right!
Uncle! That says, ape.
Stupid.
Apple is a-p-p-l-e.
You left out a P and L!
You practiced for days! Cant even do that?
P and L.
- Cant remember? - Even Yong-gu knows!
- P and L. - He doesnt remember!
Right!
Well done!
Bastard!
Now, you can go to school.
If I knew how to read, Id be a prosecutor.
Cheer up. Shell write to you soon.
Its hard for women, after giving birth.
No energy to write.
Uncle?
Whats this?
Hey!
Whered you get this?
I borrowed it from Young-hoon.
Is it a toy?
We cant have it in here, but...
Hurry up!
Try it!
CALLING...
- Pull out the antenna! - Right!
- Theres no signal. - What?
- I cant! - Try over there!
- Theres no signal, boss! - Why not?
- Ye-sung? - Go by the window!
The window!
Is it working?
- Its ringing! - Yes!
Hello?
- Whos this? - Hello?
Another prank call?
Sun-nyuh? Its me!
Its her!
Honey?
Sun-nyuh!
I had the baby, honey.
- Stop crying. - You stop crying.
Honey!
Hello?
Its not working again!
Quiet down or were dead!
- Why isnt it working! - Hold it up higher!
Stop!
Get back! Wanna get killed?
Get back!
Shoot!
Theres a signal!
Its working!
Can you hear me?
The signals strong!
The babys crying!
Tell it to say, daddy!
Daddy? Right!
Baby? Its your daddy!
Its giggling.
Is it healthy?
Has all 10 fingers and toes?
The baby looks like you. Fit to be a general.
Really?
Is it a son?
Its a girl.
Boss!
A girl like me!
Oh shoot.
Hello? Are you...
Im barely surviving, you know.
I cant talk long. The batterys dying!
What about the babys name?
The babys name?
Put your name and hers together.
What?
Its Bong-sun. Shin Bong-sun.
Poor kid. Looking like her father.
- I love you, honey. - I love you too.
Done? Good.
Ye-sung! Thank you!
- Dont cry. - Stop crying!
Is Young-hoon your boyfriend?
- Yes. - Is he cool?
Hes reassuring.
Youre reassuring to me.
- So reassuring! - Stop it!
Youre the most reassuring.
I was so fast, you couldnt see my fists!
Good!
Yong-gu!
Hello.
Your trial date is set.
Last trial for a verdict hearing. Do good on your last chance.
Do a good job.
Its no time to be running!
Yong-gu!
Crazy fool!
She just fell?
And died just like that?
Yes.
Thats really weird.
How was she lying on the ground?
Just fallen down. It was scary.
What if someone else killed her to steal
the Sailor Moon bag?
Cut the crap, fool!
So, when you went there she was just lying?
Yes.
- For no reason? - Yes.
Think it could kill you?
My arm! It hurts!
Right! Arms!
People usually fall arm first.
Right!
But her back of the head cracked.
Howd that happen?
Let me think.
The Sailor Moon bag!
Right!
The Sailor Moon bag.
She was skipping like this?
Right! Its the bag!
What was the date on that day?
February 27th, 115 p.m. During lunch break.
Okay! February 27th...
That day was our bath day!
What the!
Theres no water.
Turn the water on!
The pipes froze over so we couldnt take showers!
- Right! It was -18C! - Yeah!
She slipped on ice!
Thats it, boss!
Theres water everywhere in the markets.
Thats right!
Then, what about the wound on the kids forehead?
There was a brick next to her?
Yes. There was a brick.
A brick?
- Wait... - A brick?
While she fell...
Im dying here!
But whyd you pull her pants off?
First, loosen the pants to help blood circulation.
- Blood circulation? - Yes.
Then, whyd you strangle her?
I didnt.
Second...
Press the chest vertically.
Next...
Free the airway and block the nose.
Breathe in 12 times a minute.
- Good job. - Yes.
Next?
Wake up! Wake up! Are you okay?
- Wake up! - Good.
Shake the patient to gain consciousness.
Next?
Pinch or slap.
- Dont hit for real, sir! - Hes alive.
- Damn it! - Right. Hes alive.
Now, lets follow along.
Cardio Pulmonary Resuscitation.
- Cardio Pulmonary Resuscitation. - Thats right.
- CPR. Right. - Of course!
It was the Commissioner Generals kid.
And its no fun drawing blame on the market.
Pressure to solve the case all around them!
Yong-gu got talked into taking the blame!
Shoot!
Well do Yong-gus trial!
I object!
The witnesses claim only circumstantial evidence.
The witnesses testified to only what is true.
Really?
- Mr. So? - Yes?
What did you do in life?
Hallelujah. Im a pastor.
I mean your past.
What?
Im not sure when you are referring to.
I also made clubs with friends to play soccer.
Werent you a gangster?
What?
Your Honor!
- His past is irrelevant to... - And you? Mr. Choi?
Ive always been interested in sunken treasure ships.
- Charged on 7 accounts of fraud? - I object!
Bringing up the witnesses past is irrelevant to this case.
Overruled.
Can we trust testimonies from men who served sentences?
Look, Brother...
I mean, Prosecutor?
Is there a law...
that states testimonies from former inmates cant be trusted?
- No, but... - So, tell me!
Is there a law that says folks like us always lie!
No, there isnt.
- No further examination. - You mean questions!
Were not suspects here!
Order!
I apologize.
Defense?
Do you have another witness?
As the prosecution requests, he has no criminal record.
Rather, he has worked hard for the country.
I call the prison Chief at the time to the stand.
- Lets go. - Sure.
I am Jang Min-hwan Chief of Security at Prison.
- One of our inmates... - How is he?
Eating three meals a day.
Exercising when its time.
When its past 900 p.m...
hell probably sleep.
Commissioner?
I know its not my place, but please re-investigate the case.
Then, hell walk free after his term.
Am I wrong?
Lee Yong-gu...
Hes innocent, sir.
A child...
Ever lost one?
Yes, I have.
To an inmate I cherished.
Defendant?
Did you abduct the Commissioners daughter to get revenge?
Yes. I followed her.
Sailor Moon bag store.
Daddy! Just read what the uncles wrote.
Read it!
Ji-young said shed show me a store that sells Sailor Moon bags.
So, I just followed her.
- Thats it. - Good!
Did you pull her pants off to sexually abuse her?
Did you?
First, loosen pants for blood circulation.
Good!
Cardio Pulmonary Resuscitation.
I dont remember.
Did you hit Choi Ji-young with a brick to kill her?
No. Ji-young fell and...
- Yong-gu! - Oh my!
When you cant remember, what do you say?
I...
dont remember.
Thats good.
- I dont remember. - Good.
Remember...
- Happy! Happy! - Happy, Happy Happy Mart.
Thats good!
A brick fell on her head.
- Did you see it? - No, I didnt.
Come on, pal!
- Just pretend you know! - Thats right!
Cardio Pulmonary Resuscitation...
Yong-gu!
Yes?
Do it in the morning.
Yes.
Your Honor...
I am intellectually impaired.
The scary policemen hit me.
They didnt investigate.
- PETITION- Read this over.
- What is it? - Here.
I wrote it myself!
Pass the pens!
Dont spill on it. Write clearly.
Sign it.
They said if I signed, theyll send me home to Ye-sung.
And buy me the Sailor Moon bag.
And so...
the written statement...
is all fabricated.
Perfect! You win!
Daddy!
Good job!
- Yong-gu! - Yes?
Your lawyer is here to see you.
Yes?
Is this a prison or daycare!
Anything youd like to eat? I can get it for you.
Free Time!
The chocolate bar?
Yes, tasty Free Time.
You have a daughter. Ye-sung?
Yes. Ye-sung is pretty.
- Listen to me carefully. - Yes.
The girls father is the police commissioner.
Yes.
Damn...
You know! The police!
Yes, police. Very scary.
Hes the leader of the scary men!
Hes totally out of it!
He could harm Ye-sung!
Yes.
How frustrating.
Mr. Lawyer?
Here are our inmates petitions.
These things dont really help.
Even a public lawyer should show dedication!
It still wont lessen his sentence.
Look!
Look at this!
Lee Yong-gu is not smart enough to write this!
Still think hes the culprit!
Think of Ye-sung...
and stay focused.
Yes.
I must go home.
Right.
You can go home. Dont worry.
Got that?
Yes.
Ji-young said she knew a store that sold the Sailor Moon bag.
So, I followed her.
But Ji-young suddenly fell.
Speak clearly to the judge.
Speak clearly.
He wanted revenge on the Commissioner for getting hit.
So, you abducted his daughter Ji-young, correct?
I repeat.
Did you abduct Choi Ji-young?
You must die for Ye-sung to live. You get it?
Youre the father.
When Ji-young resisted sexual assault...
you killed her with a brick, correct?
I repeat the question.
Did you strike Choi Ji-young with a brick?
Defendant!
Answer the question.
Accept your punishment.
If not, Ill do the same to your daughter.
Answer the question.
Yes.
When Ji-young resisted sexual assault...
you killed her with a brick, correct?
I repeat the question.
Did you strike Choi Ji-young with a brick?
Did you kill her with a brick?
- Defendant! - Yes.
Yes, I did.
Bastard! Think your kid will be fine!
Ill kill your kid, too!
Ji-young!
Yes. I did it. I did it.
Lee Yong-gu! What are you saying!
Come to your senses!
Your Honor, the defendant is psychologically intimidated.
Order!
Youre his lawyer! Do something!
I killed her. I did.
Are you out of your mind!
You didnt kill anyone!
She died because of me.
Im sorry. Very sorry.
Whyre you sorry! No one apologized to you!
Why are you so sorry!
If you speak out, youll be ordered to leave.
Please help my Ye-sung. My daughter.
- Order! - I did it.
What are you doing!
Youre a lawyer!
A lawyer cant be like this!
The police only took the witness accounts...
and dismissed the defendants denials.
Lees statement was fabricated by force from the police.
Also!
Ji-young did not die of the brick wound...
but an occipital injury! That too was dismissed!
Contrary to police claims that Lee strangled her...
her autopsy showed no sign of strangling whatsoever!
Defense? Give your final argument.
Your Honor.
I request for leniency.
The prosecutions demand?
The defendant admitted to the charges.
I request the same sentence to the defendant as the first trial.
Your Honor!
The investigation is biased.
It was only forcibly done to establish a crime.
They dismissed the principle of presumed innocence!
They abused the defendants mental disability...
and love for his daughter
to force him to give up on everything!
The innocent defendant was sacrificed at their convenience!
As the defendant admitted to the charges, the trial is adjourned.
The defendants appeal is rejected.
The first trials sentence stands.
Defendant Lee Yong-gu is sentenced to death.
Thank you.
I was wrong.
Please help Ye-sung.
Its my fault.
And so, I defend...
a man wrongfully sentenced to death...
to clear defendant Lee Yong-gus false accusations.
That is why...
I am here today.
His wife said, I can take piano lessons.
Piano?
The Chief has a piano at home.
Daddy, Ill play it for you later.
Piano? I like piano.
Daddy? Youre not a bad man, right?
- Yong-gu? - Yes.
Take care.
One, two, three!
See? Isnt cooking fun?
Itd be easier to eat out.
Ye-sung makes this a special Thanksgiving.
Ye-sung made this pretty one.
You too, Mister.
Its from Ye-sung!
Hi, Daddy.
How are you?
- Is it from Ye-sung? - Letter from Ye-sung!
Let me see!
Tada!
100! Ye-sung got perfect!
Good job!
Bong-sun should be a model when she grows up.
Funny.
Baby looks funny.
- Hes way too honest. - Im sorry.
Fall on your knees
Hear the angel voices
Night divine
Hello...
Uncle...
Uncle 1004, hello! Are you studying hard?
Im dying to hear you read to me soon.
I hope you get along well with Daddy and the others.
Take care. From Ye-sung!
Its been hours!
Hello...
Shouldnt we prepare something for the annual talent show?
Thats a bunch of lies.
If we place first, will they let us out?
Yeah! One night out with family.
Really?
- Disgusting! - Ye-sung!
How about singing?
Yes, singing! Sailor Moon!
Good idea!
- She will never turn her back - Cut that out!
Sir?
There are more Christmas amnesties this year.
Due to presidential elections?
Right, the elections.
Lots to send off, too.
Pardon?
The dates been set for 5482.
December 23rd.
- Spider. - Louder.
Spider!
- What about this? - This?
Philippines.
Morphine?
No, it says Hairpin!
You read that already!
So weak in the head!
Stop it!
Ye-sung
I cant decide that on my own.
Ill need permission from the principal.
This is the last time.
Pardon?
That Ye-sung can see her father.
Please help.
Im begging you.
Pretty.
Damn it!
Whys the execution so soon after the trial?
This should be protested.
It goes completely against existing laws!
I should be the one to go first.
Everyone in the prison deserves to go before him.
Yong-gu... We cant let him go like this.
Hey, Chun-ho!
Yes?
Oh no!
Whats going on!
Im sorry. Whyd this break?
Take them quick!
Ouch!
Its saving a mans life.
Only if you give me your turf.
One!
The hell!
Two!
Gotcha!
Youre working?
Carry on, then.
You heard?
If you think this is your father, please come up.
Do it right. Its to save a life. Got it?
Yes, boss!
Where are the boys?
Its taking long to blow up the big thing.
You sure hes your father?
You said, youre an orphan.
All the fathers in the world is my father!
Go Cell 7! Go!
O holy night
The stars are brightly shining
It is the night of the dear Saviors birth
Long lay the world
In sin and error pining
Till he appeared and the soul felt its worth
A thrill of hope the weary world rejoices
For yonder breaks a new and glorious morn
Fall on your knees
Hear the angel voice
Night divine
Night when Christ was born
Everythings all set?
Dont worry. Ye-sungs teachers on our side.
Sweet hymns of joy in grateful chorus praise we
Let all within us praise His holy name
Daddy? Hand.
Hold hands.
- Hurry up! - Hold hands!
Hold!
Lets go!
Chun-ho! Get him out!
Yong-gu! Hurry!
Get them off!
Get em out!
Get them in!
Untie it!
Daddy! Were flying!
Were flying!
Daddy, people are so tiny.
- They cant leave! - Chief...
Were flying like birds!
Were flying!
Goodbye uncles!
Get them!
Stop em!
Look over there!
People are dancing!
Get them!
What are you doing up there?
Hello, Mister!
Ah, hello!
The sunset is pretty!
Yes, it is.
Goodbye!
Daddy! Look over there!
Over there!
- Daddy? Are we going home? - Were going home!
Im so happy!
Stop them!
Ye-sung...
Yes, Daddy?
Dont forget.
What, Daddy?
Today...
And...Daddy.
Eat lots! Is it good?
- Yes, its yummy. - Its yummy.
Eat beans! Vitamins!
- Get ready. - Yes, boss.
Tada!
A cake!
Blow out the candles.
One, two, three!
All blown out!
Happy birthday!
Present!
Thank you!
Draw lots of pretty pictures!
Did I spell right?
This is from me.
Thank you!
Yong-gu? Give her yours.
What is it?
Its big!
Its really big!
Sailor Moon!
Its pretty.
Youre so lucky!
Its pretty!
Daddy!
Yes?
Thank you for being my daddy.
Go on. Say something.
Thank you for...
being my daughter.
What did they put in the soup?
Uncle? Are you crying?
Hes not crying.
Hold on. Right! Ye-sung?
Watch this.
What are you doing?
Hold still!
It tickles!
- You call that writing? - Its cuz hes moving.
- Write good! - Nice drawing.
Id better go.
Take care.
Thank you.
WE LOVE YOU
Ye-sung can go without Daddy, right?
Yup. You can go alone, right?
Yes.
Ill get many perfect scores and come and see you.
When you go to a better place, dont worry about me.
Okay!
Daddy! Merry Christmas!
You too, Ye-sung. Merry Christmas!
Take care.
Ye-sung?
Okay.
Goodbye, Daddy!
Goodbye, Ye-sung!
Bye.
Ye-sung! Bye!
One, two, three.
Daddy!
Ye-sung!
Help me!
I was wrong!
Daddy! Whats wrong!
- Help me! - Whats wrong, Daddy!
- Ye-sung! - Whats wrong?
I was wrong!
Please, help me!
Dont cry.
You can live here for a long time.
Ill come and visit!
I wont get mad! Dont go to a better place!
Daddy!
Ye-sung!
- I was wrong! - Daddy!
I was wrong!
Im sorry! I was wrong, sir!
Im sorry! Please, help me!
I was wrong, sir!
Daddy!
Im sorry!
I was wrong!
Daddy!
Im here for defendant Lee Yong-gu.
No...
My dad whom I loved most in the world.
For my angelic father.
The defense gives the final argument.
In the name of justice...
I will...
forgive...
my father.
Defendant Lee Yong-gus disability is recognized.
He was threatened and beaten by the police.
The court accepts he was forced to confess.
According to testimonies...
there is not enough evidence...
that he abducted, sexually abused, then killed Choi Ji-young.
The court remands this case...
and overturn Lees death sentence...
and demands a re-investigation.
The court finds Lee Yong-gu...
not guilty!
- Ye-sung! - Hello!
Its Daddy! Ye-sung! Daddys here!
Daddy?
- Goodbye, Ye-sung! - Goodbye!
Goodbye, Daddy.
- Goodbye! - Ye-sung, goodbye!
I love you!
- Ye-sung, I love you! - Goodbye!
Eat your beans! Vitamins!
I love you, Ye-sung! Goodbye!
I love you!
I love you, Daddy!
Goodbye.